Over the course of the first trimester, the students of Group D are thrust into the fast-paced school life. Some join clubs, or talk to their fellow students. [[Kamisato Ayato|Ayato]] spends a lot of time with [[Nora Ann Wu]] and [[Cadoras Damellawar]] in the [[Distinguished Society of Fine Artists]] club. [[Kamisato Ayaka|Ayaka]] begins her job, helping to maintain the campus' vegetation in her own solitude. [[Caysili|Sisi]] starts working at the [[Campus Magic Labs]] as a lab assistant, participating and facilitating experiments with [[Urzmaktok Grojsh]]. [[Gabimaru Narumi|Gabi]] explores the [[Strixhaven Iron-Lifters Society]], getting closer to [[Ehsan]] and [[Greta Gorunn]]. [[Rae Mistle|Rae]] joins the [[Arcavios Zoology Club]] to research and examine animals with [[Kojil The Tamer|Professor Kojil]]. [[Samo Jere|Sammy]] spends his free time studying. [[Salem]] (retroactively) starts working at the [[Firejolt Cafe]].

As exam season comes around, many of the students in Group D found themselves woefully unprepared, and their exam scores reflected that. Ayaka asked if there was anything she could do to fix one of her grades, but [[Verelda Lang, Arcano-Biologist|Professor Lang]] denied her requests. After grades were posted, some fellow students reached out to their friends, offering an opportunity to fix their grades by a [[TA]]! Everyone took him up on that offer, and as everyone celebrated their successes, the group, along with friends, go to the [[Bow’s End Tavern]] to celebrate.

Everyone has a chance to get along with each other, and Ayaka actually has a chance to play a piano for the first time in a long while. [[Aurora Luna Wynterstarr|Aurora]] loved her playing so much, she even offered to teach Ayaka how to play the piano properly. After a round of drinks, [[Melwythorne]] starts up a Wizard Gizzard game to win a **Bag of Tricks**, of which Ayato claims as the victor. Shortly after, screams are heard from the kitchen as **Steam Mephits** grow from the inner cauldrons. Salem (retroactively) ushers students out of the tavern, making sure people are safe while the rest of Group D spring into action again, with Gabi finishing off the final mephit with a satisfying slash.

Everyone then heads back to the dorms for the evening. Gabi, however chooses to take a walk with her thoughts. Rae, still drunk, harasses Gabi before falling asleep in the hallways, prompting Gabi to help her to bed. Ayato makes the excuse to go see Cad, but really just sits on some stairs, feeling really out of place.