The second trimester comes and goes quickly. Everyone tackles their studying in different ways. [[Caysili]] works at the [[Campus Magic Labs]]. [[Gabimaru Narumi]] works at the [[Firejolt Cafe]], and participates in club activities with the [[Strixhaven Iron-Lifters Society]]. [[Kamisato Ayaka]] learns piano from [[Aurora Luna Wynterstarr]]. [[Kamisato Ayato]] participates in an art exposition, and talks to other students. [[Rae Mistle]] participates in activities with the [[Arcavios Zoology Club]]. [[Salem]] picks up a few shifts at the the Firejolt. [[Samo Jere]] works a little at the Magic Labs. Rae, Sisi, Salem, Sammy, and Ayaka study to make sure they get better grades this time. Due to their diligence, all students pass, except for except for Ayato, Salem, and Gabi, who all only fail half of the exam
During the small break, the annual **Strixhaven Ball** comes around, and students have a chance to go with others. Ayaka invites Aurora. Ayato invites Cad. Salem invites [[Mina Lee]]. Gabi is invited by [[Greta Gorunn]]. Sisi is invited by [[Ehsan]], but she turns him down. The students go to the ball, and have a good time, using the opportunity to socialize with professors they would not normally be able to socialize with.
Over the course of the night, a rumor is passed around the students of a talking, magic, future-seeing book upstairs, and a competition is held to see who can get the book first. As Group D sneaks upstairs, they find a way to the attic, but it is locked. Rae turns into a lizard, and tries to squeeze through, but gets stuck. Ayato uses his warhammer to knock Rae inside, while Sisi manages to find the key to the door.
Inside, [[Codie the Codex]] is found, tied up to a clockwork box. As Sisi breaks the chain, the box begins to charge up, about to sound out an alarm, but Gabi manages to break it in time. On the way out, Gabi replaces Codie with another book. [[Melwythorne]] gives Gabi a bag of coins as a prize, and Gabi dances with [[Director Taiva]]. Ayaka has one last dance with Aurora before leaving. Rae gets drunk and tries to run off into the woods, but is stopped by Ayato and Sisi. Ayato carries her home, and Sisi takes a moment to look at the moon before following suit.