The third trimester opens up to Group D getting ready for school. As they head to school, a teacher walks up to [[Gabimaru Narumi]], and informs him that his uncle, [[Sojiro]] is here to meet him. As Gabi walks into lecture hall four, Sojiro embraces Gabi in a big hug, and asks to reconcile with Gabi after years of no contact. Gabi is initially wary, but Sojiro invites him and his friends to [[Havenswalk]], offering to pay for them.
Sojiro meets them all at [[The Giant Mountain]], and buys out the entire tavern for the evening. Tons of pizza and drinks flood everyone's tables. Overall, everyone gets a good impression of him.
Later, Gabi meets up with his uncle over dinner, where Gabi has a chance to talk to him more. He essentially interrogates Sojiro, and while he gave perfectly good answers, something made Gabi feel like something was wrong. He asks [[Codie the Codex]], and found out that if he does nothing, something bad will happen.
Ayaka tries to hang out with [[Aurora Luna Wynterstarr]], but Aurora ends up being very busy, as she found a patron named "Five". Aurora promises to meet Ayaka at a concert this weekend.
Sammy heads back to the lab, where [[Urzmaktok Grojsh]] asks Sammy to bring a frog from the [[Firejolt Cafe]] incident. He gets [[Julio Cesar Jimenez the Second]] from Gabi, but decides against handing him over once realizing that Urzmaktok intended to experiment on the frog.
Rae reaches out to [[Kojil The Tamer]] about the internship opportunity, and finds out a trip to Sedgemoor is planned for the following week.
Salem studies with [[Mina Lee]], discovering that the [[Rose Stage Festival]] will be held in a few weeks at the end of the trimester.
Ayato went to see [[Aisla Fitzbottom]] at the [[B6. Biblioplex Cafe|Biblioplex Cafe]]. He applies to work there, and Aisla asks him to watch the store as she runs an errand. She is gone for a few hours, and Ayato is forced to serve the long line of customers. As he gets Gabi his sandwich, they both hear a dull thud and the whole Biblioplex goes silent. As they round the corner, they find Aisla at the foot of the stairs, with her body bent in unhealthy ways. Gabi stabilizes her, and then runs upstairs with Sisi and Ayato. They can't do much else here because the golems there won't let them further without a password that they don't have.
As they head downstairs, they find some teachers trying to get Aisla to the infirmary with Rae. One of the teachers goes upstairs again with Ayato and Sisi. She plays the records on the golem and finds that Aisla was pushed down the stairs by an invisible being and that the stairs had a slippery [[Eldritch Balm]] applied to the steps.
That night, Rae gathers everyone to sneak into the Biblioplex. They find an unlocked door in the back. Once inside, they sneak inside and make their ways upstairs. Ayato creates a loud noise behind the locked door to trick the golems inside. Class D follows a trail of footsteps further inside, where they find a note with the [[Orzhov Syndicate]] insignia on it. The note details someone pushing Aisla down the stairs to pay back some debt.
During the concert, Ayaka arrives looking for Aurora. After not finding her, she asks [[Nora Ann Wu]] about when Aurora would arrive. She says that Aurora had not come home the night before. Apparently, Aurora went to an audition the night before and intended to go see Ayaka afterwards.
Ayaka gathers her friends and heads over to [[The Giant Mountain]], where they search Sojiro's room to find notes detailing that Sojiro had gotten himself into some serious debt, and intended to sell people in order to pay it off, as well as Aurora's violin in the corner, albeit a bit banged up.