In [[Sojiro]]'s' room, Salem finds a music box that plays the first song Ayaka played on the piano resting on top of a scrap of paper that mentions a trade off set to happen in a week's time in Sedgemoor. As everyone leaves, the owner of [[The Giant Mountain]] pulls Gabi aside, informing him that Sojiro's tab was paid with money that spontaneously vanished. [[Garreth]] doesn't blame Gabi, but Gabi leaves the purse of coins that Sojiro left him.

That night, [[Kamisato Ayaka]] fills in [[Nora Ann Wu]], and finds that [[Rae Mistle]] was not in their dorm. The party talks briefly about the situation at hand, and form a small plan of action. Gabi has a nightmare that night. [[Caysili]] finds a letter from someone named [[Veronica|V]] in her dorm.

In the morning, the party (minus Rae) heads to their [[A Is For Ankheg, A Complete Guide On 26 Classic Monsters]] class, where [[Verelda Lang, Arcano-Biologist]] informs them of their practical final exam in Sedgemoor in a week. Instead of going to class, Rae heads to the infirmary to check in on [[Aisla Fitzbottom]]. Aisla wakes up, and Rae tells Aisla that someone attempted to kill her. This shocks her so much that she becomes more or less unresponsive. Rae leaves, and then heads to consult [[Kojil The Tamer]] for help. Kojil is not much help, claiming that Rae's claims are very serious without any concrete evidence, and encourages Rae to get some rest.

Rae leaves angrily, and Sisi runs into her and comforts her. The party then gets ready and begins to head over to [[Sedgemoor]].