The party heads into [[Sedgemoor]], splitting up into two groups, as per the exam's instructions. As [[Kamisato Ayaka]], [[Kamisato Ayato]], [[Samo Jere]], and [[Salem]] enter their exam area, they quickly finish the tasks assigned to them before venturing past the exam's borders. As they trudge further into the mire, they come across an old building, filled with voices. In particular, they hear the voice of [[Sojiro]]. Without a second thought, Ayato and Ayaka bust down the door, revealing two masked, cloaked figures with Orzhov symbols on their masks, and Sojiro. On the floor are [[Aurora Luna Wynterstarr]] and a man tied up and unconscious. Sojiro tries to explain, while the masked figures are confused, but Ayato rushes in and pulls Aurora to safety. The masked figures seem to come to their senses, but before they can do anything, Sojiro turns to them and pulls out a scroll, blasting one of them to the floor, unconscious. In response, the other pulls out a hilt that grows a blade and plunges it into Sojiro's side, causing Sojiro to fall to the floor, bleeding out. The party bombards the remaining figure, but he grabs the other masked figure, and the unconscious man on the floor, casting a spell to escape.

Ayato then rushes to call [[Verelda Lang, Arcano-Biologist]] for help. She fires an emergency flare, causing all other classes to evacuate Sedgemoor immediately. Professor Lang checks on everyone, making sure everyone is safe enough to head back to [[Central Campus]]. She then escorts the party and the unconscious Aurora and Sojiro to the entrance of Sedgemoor, while Professor Lang heads back onto the exam site for preliminary investigations. Ayaka and Salem try to sneak back into the exam site, but they are caught and forced to leave Sedgemoor.