The party ties up and binds Veronica to the chair inside the laboratory room. [[Ariza of Freedom]] wakes her up and after interrogating [[Veronica]], the party finds out that Veronica claims to know nothing of anything to do with the laboratory. The party rests and also allows her to rest before venturing to [[Lotholm]], in search of someone to help Veronica understand what happened to her and her cottage.
Upon arrival, the party darkens the doorstep of a small building. Inside, they found a kobold woman that immediately recognized [[Caysili]] and began sobbing.
As it turns out, the alchemist running the store is Sisi's mother, [[Usjali]]. Confused, Sisi asks for answers. Her mother explains that Sisi disappeared one day when foraging. Putting the pieces together, it seemed as though Veronica had saved Sisi from a tribe of monsters, and then kidnapped her in order to perform experiments on Sisi.
Confused again, Sisi demands answers from Veronica, threatening Veronica with her pact weapon. In self defense, Veronica lashes out. However, the party quickly defeats her again. Usjali invites Sisi and her friends back the tribe, and Sisi' father is also happy to see Sisi. However, Sisi's father had been paralyzed from the waist down after being injured while searching for Sisi.
Everyone has a happy dinner, and when Sisi declares she will return to Strixhaven, her father becomes enraged. He says that Sisi belonged there with her family, and that she shouldn't want to return to a place that her kidnapper had sent her off to. Saddened, the party departs, and decides to leave Veronica to her own devices, letting her go.