The class returns to school for the beginning of their second year to little fan fare. As [[Professor Lang|Verelda Lang, Arcano-Biologist]] rushes into class a bit late, she introduces them to two new classmates, [[Ariza of Freedom]] and [[Vidar]]. After some short introductions, Professor Lang launches into the agenda of the morning. She warns all of the students that the faculty are investigating something involving "Pure" or otherwise "True" Magic, and should any student hear anything pertaining or relevant, to report to a teacher immediately.  Professor Lang also mentions something about a new [[Mage Tower]] tournament beginning this year. Each class will compete against each other, and Professor Lang mentions there shall be a grand prize for the winner.
After class, [[Kamisato Ayaka]] runs into [[Aurora Luna Wynterstarr]], who shares a concern that her roommate, [[Nora Ann Wu]] has not returned to school over the break. Later, the party decides to head over to the [[Aerojaunt Field]] in order to practice for their game. There, they run into [[Cadoras Damellawar]], who sets them up with a last-minute scrimmage against another team, who consisted of the only three people they could scrounge up on short notice.
During the scrimmage, the other team uses magic to fuel a runner with superhuman-like speed, and in a flash steals the flag from the party, and almost gets away with it. However, with some quick teamwork and decision-making, the party manages to scrounge up a relatively easy victory.