The party heads to the first day of their classes, where they meet [[Professor Langling]], an accomplished Dustspeaker and Lorehold professor. He starts their class [[Scrawl to the Wall: Scrivening and Symbology]]. He begins his lecture, and the party makes their very own spell: [[Second Chance]]. After making their spell, a TA of his rushes into the class, seeming to be rather frazzled. After a short exchange, the TA leaves, and Professor Langling reassures the class it's just a small issue in his research lab. He also mentions that the best scorer on the first exam will be invited to join his research lab.

After class, [[Caysili]] runs into [[Ehsan]], and they make a bet over another scrimmage. The party wins, doubling their gold bet. Ehsan swears in an official game, he would win, and everyone parts ways. As the first Mage Tower match approaches, the party decides they need to do some preparations. Sisi, [[Gabimaru Narumi]], and [[Kamisato Ayato]] head to [[Havenswalk]] to do some shopping preparations. There, they head to [[Himo's Intellect]] and [[Alechmical Draughts]] to do some shopping. [[Kamisato Ayaka]], [[Vidar]], [[Ariza of Freedom]], and [[Samo Jere]] head to the [[Aerojaunt Field]] to do some reconnaissance. There, Ayaka finds out that [[Nora Ann Wu]] never came back, even though she had her tuition problems solved. Vidar also figures out that [[Aurora Luna Wynterstarr]] definitely has a crush on Ayaka.

As their first match comes up, the party brings [[Bartholomew]] the Fractal Mascot as their flag, and begin casting all of their magic to get ready for the game. They enter the [[Strixhaven Stadium]] to a deafening applause as the entire school and then some have come to lay witness to the ceremonious, first match of the tournament. 