The party ventures to [[Rosewood]], a wealthy mining town governed by the [[L'Mann]] family, to safely escort [[Evi]] back to his family. Upon arrival, the town is much emptier, and nowhere near as prominent as the party heard. As the party makes their way to the L'Mann Estate, they encounter a man in ragged clothes who warns them of the L'Mann family. When the party arrives at the estate, however, they find its architecture to be vastly different to that of the rest of the city, and tremendously opulent. They are greeted by [[Lady Isadora L'Mann]]. She gives off a very formal and regal air, and overall does not seem very impressed with Evi being returned home. His sister, [[Audrey L'Mann]] bursts in the room, and pulls Evi into a hug, seeming rather concerned and happy he is home. However, this is cut off rather quickly as Lady Isadora reprimands Audrey. The party decide to stay for dinner, where they meet [[Lord Julian L'Mann]], [[Penelope L'Mann]], and [[Alexander L'Mann]]. 

At dinner, the air is tense, and Julian L'Mann places interest in [[Kamisato Ayaka]] and her gun, but otherwise rewards the party rather handsomely for returning his son to his family. [[Gabimaru Narumi]] ventures forth a request to see the [[L'Mann Family Sword Arts]], and Julian L'Mann gladly accepts. The next day, the party arrives at the training field where Julian, Alexander, and Penelope L'Mann are waiting with a whole platoon of L'Mann knights. They each display incredible sword techniques that awe the party, but it isn't until Julian L'Mann demonstrates his technique that the air grows tense.

Julian L'Mann commands all of his knights to attack him, and every single one does so without hesitation. The entire party feels that if they do not attack their employer with the determination to kill and survive that they will simply perish. Julian's sword strikes in less time than a blink, leaving every single knight's armor with a huge gash. Gabimaru asks to see the last sword technique, and Julian L'Mann gladly obliges. Before Gabimaru can even breathe, Julian L'Mann's sword slices right through Gabi, and in the next instant he is put back together as if nothing had happened.

Later, in their inn room, the party begins discussing the situation with Evi, and many party members express a dissatisfaction with leaving Evi with this family, feeling rather uncomfortable with the air they gave off. Before they can come to any concrete solution, Audrey L'Mann appears at their doorstep, with a large sack of money, begging the party to take Evi away from this place.

To be continued...